it's cooking with Cuisinart great
recipes from master chefs now one of the
Marika's greatest chefs Hubert Keller
from fleur de lis in San Francisco and
Las Vegas the burger bar in Las Vegas
and st. Louis and sleek Steakhouse in
st. Louis and now today's recipe pasta
fagioli it's a great hearty soup in
Italy and what it means fat usually are
those little white beans right over here
or the cannelloni beans it's a great
soup the problem with it it takes about
two to two and half hours to cook the
slow white beans until they're really
tender and what I'm using today is a
great pressure cooker over here and what
that pressure cooker does it cooks the
beans in about 35 minutes let me show
you how to do it so first I have some
celery right over here and I will slice
that celery so just like that okay once
I have the celery going I will remove
now the celery from the working Bowl
okay let me transfer that right in here
okay once I have that so now the next
ingredients are we putting the blade
into the bowl and we'll transfer three
garlic cloves in there and we'll chop em
until really fine
perfect so once I have that so now the
next step I'm adding some onions to it
so that's about two medium onions or one
and a half larger ones that I've coated
up already and the other element is a
carrot so I'm just going to cut the
carrot kind of coarsely before adding it
to the food processor and I have that
let me put that in and just couple on
and offs I'm chopping now the onions and
the carrots and I will transfer all
those vegetables in the pressure cooker
so I'm taking the lid off and the
pressure cooker actually also works like
a saute pan or like a brazier I turned
out the heat and what I will do now I
will sear up the vegetables in a
pressure cooker just by adding a little
bit of olive oil and I will transfer now
all the vegetables that onions garlic
and the carrots into the oil so now I'm
also adding the sliced celery into my
vegetable mix and some Italian spice mix
and now I'm just gonna keep on steering
that very gently until my onions become
really nice and translucent and it's
amazing just by adding actually that the
Italian spice mix just to the heat I can
really smell it right there already so
it's quite amazing we have not even
started cooking and it smells already
wonderful okay my vegetables are really
nice and ready and steaming so the next
step now I'm having my cannelloni beans
I'm adding one pound of beans right over
it and I have 6 cups of water right over
okay so once I have that one more item
they leave right into it so now let me
close it and let me set the high
pressure I just set the pressure cooker
on 35
minutes on high pressure and believe it
or not just 35 minutes and those beans
gonna be butter tender all right and now
you see the steam actually building up
that means the pressure keeps on
building up inside and as soon as steam
stops the countdown starts 35 minutes
and we are ready with some great beans
so I cook the beans for 35 minutes and a
naturally released the pressure from it
for about 20 minutes I'm ready now to
open up the lid okay and you see how it
is and you can see how my carrots and my
beans are already nice and tender right
there and I was basically achieved just
in 35 minutes so now the next step I'm
adding some more chicken stock to it
okay and I have some diced tomatoes I'm
adding to it okay so now we have that
and let me set it up to browning so what
I'm trying to achieve now here is
actually bringing everything to a boil
and at the last moment I'm adding the
pasta so just gonna drizzle the pasta
nicely into it and I gotta bring it back
to a simmer and we'll cook the pasta for
about ten to twelve minutes and the soup
is absolutely ready I guess the soup is
ready as you can see on easy words to
cook those beans so now come time for
plating okay
so you can see how nice and you can even
see it how tender those beans are and
how easy it was to cook them just for
about 35 minutes of course I want to get
some of that broth and by the beans
cooking that way it really thickens up
the broth of you see you can see
so that and now the way I really like to
serve it is with some Parmesan cheese
that I'm sprinkling just over and that
can be pretty generous with the Parmesan
cheese you can even serve a little bit
of the cheese on the side and of course
sprinkle a little bit of parsley over it
here goes the pasta e fagioli the great
great soup and it's very simple to do
but also remember by using the pressure
cooker you can even use it on a party
and serving the pot just like that keep
it the set on simmer and during the
whole party the your friends on everyone
can just help themselves nailing up the
soup a great way without a pressure
cooker you will never be able to cook
the beans in 35 minutes